Add help.ampio.com showcase. (#1863)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/showcase/ampio-help/bio.md

> __We are Ampio.__ We design and manufacture a building automation system that provides you with control, comfort, safety and reliability. Visit [our page](http://ampio.com/) to learn more about our solution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__We are Ampio.__ We design and manufacture a building automation system that provides control, comfort, safety and reliability. Visit [our page](http://ampio.com/) to learn more about our solution!
```

> __Ampio Knowledge Base__ is a service build and maintained using Hugo. It serves as a self-service support platform for our customers and certified installers. It also contains full portfolio of our modules - building blocks of Ampio building automation system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Ampio Knowledge Base__ is a service built and maintained with Hugo. It is a self-service support platform for our customers and certified installers. It also contains a complete portfolio of our modules---building blocks of the Ampio building automation system.
```

The site is built by:

* [@mgetka](https://github.com/mgetka), developer
* [@SteynAnna](https://github.com/SteynAnna), maintainer

> and other members of Ampio team responsible for content creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and other members of the Ampio team responsible for content creation.
```
